<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Validating an EPUB</title>
</head>
<body><h1>Validating an EPUB</h1><p><a
href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck">EPUBCheck</a> is a tool to
validate the conformance of EPUB publications against the EPUB specifications.
EPUBCheck is open source software, maintained by the&#xa0;<a
href="http://www.daisy.org/">DAISY Consortium</a>&#xa0;on behalf of
the&#xa0;<a href="https://www.w3.org/publishing/epubcheck_fundraising"
>W3C</a>.</p><p>There are 2 scripts available for invoking the <a
href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck">EPUBCheck</a> tool. They reside
at the following directory location:</p><p><b>ROOTDIR</b> = tang.umdl.umich.edu:/quod-prep/prep/a/acls/hebepub/winterberry</p
><p>Each script allows for the specification of one or more path arguments.
A path argument may be an EPUB file or a directory of an expanded
EPUB file.</p><p><strong>NOTE: If the path argument is a directory, <a
href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck">EPUBCheck</a> will first create
a zip file of the directory and assign the directory name adding the
extension <i>.epub</i>. If a file with the same name exists, the tool
will overwrite the file without any warning.</strong></p><p>See the
descriptions below for each script:</p><ul>
<li><p><u><b>epubcheck_list</b></u> - this script provides a simple
interface to the <a href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck">EPUBCheck</a
> tool. Below is the script syntax:</p><p><b>ROOTDIR/script/epubcheck_list</b
> <i>&lt;epub_file|epub_dir> [epub_file|epub_dir...]</i> </p><p>The
tool is invoked for each path argument specified. The result of the
validation is an XML file that is stored in the same directory that
contains the specified argument. The name assigned to the result file
is the same as the argument with the suffix <i>_log.xml</i> added.</p
><p>For example, the following command will validate the EPUB files <i
>/my_dir1/my_epub1.epub</i> and <i>/my_dir2/my_epub2.epub</i>. The
validation results are stored in the files <i>/my_dir1/my_epub1_log.xml</i
> and <i>/my_dir2/my_epub2_log.xml</i>.</p><p><b>ROOTDIR/script/epubcheck_list</b
> <i>/my_dir1/my_epub1.epub /my_dir2/my_epub2.epub</i></p></li>
<li><p><u><b>epubcheck</b></u> - this script provides the full interface
to the <a href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck">EPUBCheck</a> tool.
Below is the script syntax:</p><p><b>ROOTDIR/script/epubcheck</b> <i
> &lt;options> &lt;epub_file|epub_dir></i></p><p>All options are supported,
but only one EPUB file or directory can be specified. See the <a
href="https://github.com/w3c/epubcheck/wiki">EPUBCheck Wiki</a> for
the command line options and syntax.</p><p>For example, the following
command will validate the EPUB file <i>/my_dir1/my_epub1.epub</i> and
store the validation results in the file <i>/my_dir1/my_epub1_log.xml</i
>.</p><p><b>ROOTDIR/script/epubcheck</b> <i>-q -o /mydir1/my_epub1_log.xml
/my_dir1/my_epub1.epub</i></p></li>
</ul></body>
</html>
