<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2016, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>PDF Processing</title>
</head>
<body><section id="PDF_Processing"><h1>PDF Processing</h1><p>Currently,
a PDF can be processed in the following manner:</p><ol>
<li><p>Selected Images within the PDF can be resized by a specified
percentage.</p></li>
<li><p>Selected Images within the PDF can be converted to a specified
format.</p></li>
<li><p>A page index representing the cover image can be specified
and extracted to a specified format.</p></li>
</ol><p>The script for performing the processing resides at the following
location:</p><p><strong>ROOTDIR = tang.umdl.umich.edu:/quod-prep/prep/a/acls/hebepub/winterberry/script/pdf_optimize</strong
></p><p>Below is the list of possible parameters:</p><pre><code><b
>usage: optimize [options] pdf_file [pdf_file...]
 -c,--cover_format       Cover format [bmp|jpeg|jpeg2000|png]. If not specified, then no cover is extracted.
 -f,--image_format       Image format [bmp|jpeg|jpeg2000|png]. The default is jpeg.
 -p,--cover_page         Cover page [0-9]+. The --cover_format option must also be specified. Default is 0.
 -r,--resize_pct         Resize %. The default is 100.
 -t,--dimen_threshold    Dimension threshold [0-9]+. The default is 0.</b
></code></pre><p>The resulting PDF will have the suffix <i>_optimize_{resize_pct}pct</i
> appended to its filename. For example, if the specified PDF has
the filename <i>ebookISBN</i> and it is resized to be 80% as the <code
>&#x2013;resize_pct 80</code> option is provided, then the resulting
PDF will have the name <i>ebookISBN_optimize_80pct.pdf</i>.</p><p
>Below are a few sample invocations:</p><ol>
<li><p>To maintain the original size of all images within a PDF and
use the JPEG format, invoke the following command:</p><p><code><b
>pdf_optimize -f jpeg pdf_file1</b></code></p></li>
<li><p>To resize all images within a PDF to be 80% of their original
size and use the JPEG format, invoke the following command:</p><p
><code><b>pdf_optimize -r 80 -f jpeg pdf_file1</b></code></p></li>
<li><p>To resize all images within a PDF to be 80% of their original
size, use the JPEG format, and extract the first page as the cover
in the PNG format, invoke the following command:</p><p><code><b>pdf_optimize
-r 80 -f jpeg -c png -p 0 pdf_file1</b></code></p></li>
<li><p>To resize all images within a PDF with both the width and height
dimensions 1000 pixels or greater to be 80% of their original size
and use the JPEG format, invoke the following command:</p><p><code
><b>pdf_optimize -r 80 -f jpeg -t 1000 pdf_file1</b></code></p></li>
</ol></section></body>
</html>
