<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Process EPUB Resource References</title>
</head>
<body><h1>Process EPUB Resource References</h1><section><p>This monograph
processing step can be completed by using the following project script:</p
><blockquote><code>bundle exec ruby script/process_monograph [-e]
[-p <i>&lt;publisher_directory></i>] <i>&lt;action></i> <i>&lt;monograph_noid></i
> [<i>&lt;monograph_noid></i>...]</code><dl>
<dt><i>action</i></dt>
<dd>Specified default resource action, either <i>embed_resources<i
>|</i>link_resources</i>. The action for each resource is assigned
in the monograph <i>resource_map.xml</i> file.</dd>
<dt><i>-e</i></dt>
<dd>Execute the specified resource actions. Otherwise, actions are
identified and displayed, but not executed.</dd>
<dt><i>publisher_directory</i></dt>
<dd>Directory that contains a specific publisher monographs.</dd>
<dt><i>monograph_noid</i></dt>
<dd>Monograph NOID</dd>
</dl></blockquote><p>The script will perform the following: </p><ol>
<li><p>Download the manifest for the specified monograph NOID.</p
></li>
<li><p>Use the monograph manifest to locate the monograph directory
(<b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b>=<b>FULCRUM_DRIVE</b><i>/&lt;publisher>/&lt;ebook_isbn>_&lt;author_last_name></i
>) found in the publisher directory which is specified either by the <code
>-p <i>&lt;publisher_directory></i></code> option, or by the current
working directory.</p></li>
<li><p>Locate the monograph EPUB file (<b>EPUB_FILE</b>=<b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b
><i>/&lt;ebook_isbn>_&lt;author_last_name>.epub</i>.</p></li>
<li><p>Assign an action for each resource, either <i>embed</i> a resource
viewer or insert a <i>link</i> to the Fulcrum resource page. This
is determined by the monograph <i><b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b>/resource_processing/resource_map.xml</i
> with the default action determined by the command line argument <code
><i>action</i></code>, either <i>embed_resources</i> or <i>link_resources</i
>.</p></li>
<li><p>Scan <b>EPUB_FILE</b> and for each resource reference encountered,
report the action assigned. If the <code>-e</code> option has been
specified, then execute the action and save the file in the <b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b
><i>/resource_processing/epub</i> directory.</p></li>
<li><p>Create a new EPUB file (<b>NEW_EPUB_FILE</b>=<b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b
><i>/resource_processing/&lt;ebook_isbn>_&lt;author_last_name>.epub</i
>) that is a copy of the original except for replacing any modified
files with the ones found in the <b>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b><i>/resource_processing/epub</i
> directory.</p></li>
</ol><p>After successful completion of the script execution, perform
the following manual steps:</p><ol>
<li><p>The original <b>EPUB_FILE</b> file can be copied to the <b
>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b><i>/Archive</i> directory.</p></li>
<li><p>The new <b>NEW_EPUB_FILE</b> file can be moved into the <b
>MONOGRAPH_DIR</b>. Overnight, this file will be uploaded to Fulcrum,
replacing the existing monograph EPUB representative.</p></li>
</ol></section></body>
</html>
